Update solana installation instructions (#474)
Certora/Documentation: docs/solana/installation.md

   `curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://sh.rustup.rs | sh`

>    It is useful to have Rust versions 1.75, 1.79, and 1.85 or above installed.

Author: Are the old versions there actually still useful?

Reviewer: Let's rather state "tested on 1.85" and we should just keep the block below as:

  ```
   rustup toolchain install 1.85
   ```

   ```
   rustup toolchain install 1.79
   rustup toolchain install 1.75
   rustup toolchain install 1.85
   ```

> 2. Install `certora-sbf` cargo sub-command

Reviewer: Let's also add a link to the sources: https://github.com/Certora/cargo-certora-sbf

>    `cargo +1.85 install cargo-certora-sbf`

Reviewer: In the README of https://github.com/Certora/cargo-certora-sbf we don't state a version, I think we should keep it in sync?

   Note that a minimal version of Rust required to install `certora-sbf` is

>    v1.85.

Reviewer: This is confusing, above we state 1.79 and 1.75 but then we say 1.81 is actually required for `cargo-certora-sbf`. I _think_ in versions before we simply didn't have cargo-certora-sbf at all and had been manually compiling with the compiler flags added in the project directly.

Nevertheless, I would remove this line as it's more confusing then it adds value.

Author: I think the certora-sbf readme is helpful for understanding this:

> Rust version >= 1.81 to compile cargo-certora-sbf itself
(optional) [Solana CLI](https://solana.com/docs/intro/installation) version >= 1.18
(optional) Rust version v1.75. This version corresponds to Rust bundled with Solana v1.18.
(optional) Rust version v1.79. This version corresponds to Rust bundled with Solana v2.1

so it seems this is about needing the new one (now 1.85) to be able to install the sbf, but it may still use the others somehow? wdyt?

Author: reading that readme part also makes me wonder if we should have that optional solana CLI step here too?

   `curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://sh.rustup.rs | sh`

> Rust 1.85 or above is recommended when using `cvlr-solana` ≥ 0.5. Version 1.75 or 1.79 can be used when analyzing programs that use `cvlr-solana` versions below or equal to 0.4. Use 1.75 when the target program is bundled with Solana v1.18 and version 1.79 when targeting Solana v2.1. Install whichever version correspond to the Solana release you target:

Author: ```suggestion
Rust 1.85 or above is recommended when using `cvlr-solana` ≥ 0.5. Version 1.75 or 1.79 can be used when analyzing programs that use `cvlr-solana` versions below or equal to 0.4. Use 1.75 when the target program is bundled with Solana v1.18 and version 1.79 when targeting Solana v2.1. Install whichever version correspond to the Solana release you target, plus a recent version (>= 1.85) for building `certora-sbf` in the next step:
```

> Rust 1.85 or above is recommended to be able to build `cargo-certora-sbf` and when using `cvlr-solana` ≥ 0.5. Version 1.75 can be used when analyzing programs that use `cvlr-solana` versions (below or equal to 0.4) and programs that are bundled with Solana v1.18 (Rust version 1.79 matches the one bundled with Solana v2.1). Install whichever versions correspond to the Solana releases you target:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rust 1.85 or above is recommended when using `cvlr-solana` ≥ 0.5. Version 1.75 or 1.79 can be used when analyzing programs that use `cvlr-solana` versions below or equal to 0.4. Use 1.75 when the target program is bundled with Solana v1.18 and version 1.79 when targeting Solana v2.1. Install whichever version correspond to the Solana release you target:
```
